I'm Michelangelo and I look peeps off
I'm wrong wrong nomnom okay it's
definitely made for child's head so it's
finally time for Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles 2014 though where they're
calling it well current day Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles heroes in a
half-shell movie to come out and in this
version April O'Neil reporter on the
street is going to be played by the
beautiful Megan Fox so today we're gonna
be recreating that look it's splinter in
this one or is that like old-school
let's get started I'm gonna start with
hair and in preparation I'm gonna add a
little bit of like darker and reddish
color weave from my weave arsenal to
kind of get more of the April O'Neil
feel to my hair Megan Fox's version of
April O'Neil has really pretty wavy long
hair so I'm gonna try to replicate those
waves with this curling wand she has a
slight side part and this so I'm gonna
go ahead and do that now so I know that
my waves are going in the right
direction now let's get busy with us
just start curling away from your face
and you can also do this with a curling
iron
ooh sweating and I only burn myself like
six times
after you've curled your whole head you
can just kind of go through if you need
to and break up any like solid ring
Liddy looking waves if it looks too done
so now that we're done with the hair
we're gonna move on to the makeup I am
first just gonna add a little bit of
blush
she's pretty fair skin than this not
looking like super bronzed or anything
so I'm gonna skip the bronzer for now
now I am gonna come to where my notes a
little bit because Megan Fox have the
cute little tiny nose which I was
definitely not more less I am just going
to take a little bit of dark concealer
and kind of contour my nose just a
tattoo make it look a little slimmer
now foreshadow it looks like she's got
like a light silvery gray from her
lashline to her crease so I'm gonna just
pop this bad boy on that area and then
on the crease kind of blend it up she's
got a new like taupey brown color the
boldest thing about this makeup look is
that she had a nice bold dash of black
eyeliner Megan Fox has this beautiful
almond-shaped eyes so to try to
replicate that I'm going to extend the
eyeliner just a little bit past my
natural end of my I dunno just elongate
the eye just a tad
now to finish off the I am just gonna
pop on some false lashes because she has
very luxurious a long beautiful lashes
in this now just a little swipe of
mascara to blend your real lashes and
the fake lashes get those suckers really
meshed together the other major thing
about this look is the brows they're
dark and bold so I'm gonna use this dip
brow pomade to really get like a great
shape going on now the only thing left
to do is do the lips which were pretty
natural with like a little tiny touch of
pink so I'm just gonna use this little
pink chubby stick to just dab a little
bit on now I sadly don't have that
iconic April of Mele yellow trench coat
Jack and deal that she's always wearing
but I did see some shots of Megan Fox
wearing a fatigued kana jacket so I do
have one of those from like circa oh six
but because I'm missing the yellow
jacket I'm going to make up for it by
painting my nails a nice yellow I'm just
gonna do like a quick cursory job so we
can just kind of get the idea okay I'm
giving up right now cuz this just
happened
I feel like nail polish everywhere but
you get the idea
paint your nails yellow for an apron
Niall inspired manicure okay that's it
for our Megan Fox's April O'Neill in the
new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
inspired tutorial with my half done
if you want to see more pop culture
inspired makeup tutorials make sure you
subscribe and I'll see you next time
that will bomb the dude